feat(visualizations): Use x and y for visualizations instead of metric and categorical (#169)
contiamo/operational-visualizations: docs/adr/0007-frame-vs-scale.md

### uniqueValues issue

BandScale is built from unqiue values of the frame (`uniqueValues(frame, column)`). Let's assume we have following frame

| age  | city    |
| ---- | ------- |
| < 50 | Berlin  |
| < 50 | London  |
| > 50 | Dresden |
| > 50 | Berlin  |

Unqiue values of the frame: `Berlin, London, Dresden`. But if we would group frame by `age` and take each fragment separately

- `< 50`: `Berlin, London`
- `> 50`: `Dresden, Berlin` (vs scale's `Berlin, London, Dresden`)

If we would iterate over the Frame and oreder of points in Scale and Frame is different (as example above), we would get "knot":

```
^              3        4
|              *--------*--
|               \
|                \
|      1          \
|  ----*-----------*2
|
+---------------------------->
       A      B     C    D
```

This is wrong, instead it should look like:

```
^             2         4
|            /*\       *--
|           /   \     /
|          /     \   /
|      1  /       \ /
|  ----*-/         *3
|
+---------------------------->
       A      B     C    D
```

### uniqueValues solution

> The only solution I see is to sort Frame by the same values we use for groupuing and for graphing (e.g. in this case we would sor by age and city). This way we can sort unique values as well:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only solution I see is to sort Frame by the same values we use for grouping and for graphing (e.g. in this case we would sort by age and city). This way we can sort unique values as well:
```
